with the world on edge people are
looking to their leaders for reassurance
and answers unfortunately we have him so
last night the president held an
emergency live address from The Oval
Office to calm the nation down and to
find someone else to blame
breaking news tipping point president
Trump addresses the nation on the corona
virus pandemic using just his second
oval office speech to announce the u.s.
will suspend most travel from Europe the
European Union failed to take the same
precautions and restrict travel from
China and other hotspots as a result a
large number of new clusters in the
United States were seeded by travelers
from Europe this is the most aggressive
and comprehensive effort to confront a
foreign virus in modern history okay
first of all it isn't a foreign virus
it's just a virus okay
Trump makes it sound like Corona doesn't
speak English and and and also we can
blame Europe for many things colonialism
skinny jeans Piers Morgan but this virus
is worldwide
all right it was gonna get here no
matter what Europe did honestly it's
beginning to look like shutting down
borders it's just Trump's go-to solution
for everything this is only thinks about
what problems shadow board had probably
share a border cause if you listen his
personal life to his Melania just like I
don't love you anymore Donald and he's
they closed the borders no one's getting
in or out of this marriage now Donald
Trump's presidential address turned out
to be as calming as a pack of fireworks
dropped into a bag of cocaine because
not only did he surprised everyone with
this announcement but it turns out he
almost got everything wrong president
Trump ramping up his response to the
corona virus outbreak but instead of
reassuring the public he caused more
confusion than calm like this statement
we will be suspending all travel from
Europe to the United States for the next
30 days the Department of Homeland
Security quickly clarifying assuring the
travel restrictions will not apply to
u.s. citizens permanent residents and
some of their family
the ban instead would only apply to
foreign nationals Trump caused more
uncertainty when he said the restriction
would apply to tray and these
prohibitions will not only apply to the
tremendous amount of trade and cargo but
various other things but Trump took to
Twitter to clear up that statement
writing it is very important for all
countries and businesses to know that
trade will in no way be affected by the
30-day restriction on travel from Europe
the restriction stops people not goods
president Trump further jumbled the
message when he addressed the health
care costs associated with coronavirus
earlier this week I met with the leaders
of health insurance industry who have
agreed to waive all co-payments for
coronavirus treatments a White House
official later corrected the notion
saying co-payments would be waived only
for coronavirus tests not for treatments
of the disease I'm sorry but this is
this is unbelievable like I would I
would understand if Trump made mistakes
you're right if this whole thing was off
the cuff but how is it possible to get
so many things wrong in a pre-written
speech this is crazy what you're gonna
Oval address shouldn't be a game of two
truths and a lie
he says up there like the corona virus
is very dangerous we need to be vigilant
and my babysitter growing up was Kareem
abdul-jabbar's
[Music]
god bless america and this
misinformation that the president spread
it caused actual chaos right the
European travel ban doesn't include
American citizens but that's not what
Trump said in his speech so Americans
who are on vacation in Europe rushed to
the airport in a panic to fly home
before the ban took effect there are
even reports of people shelling up
thousands of dollars for a last-minute
ticket because they were panicking
yeah and then the ones who couldn't get
them they just hung off the airplane
like one of those trains in India Trump
caused so much confusion but even the
coronavirus was probably like okay wait
can I fly to America or not like
I'm just gonna call Delta I don't know
what's going on here so just to be clear
Americans Americans can't fly home from
Europe which if you think about it means
they could bring Corona back yeah it's
not a fail-safe because Americans always
bring something back with them whenever
we came from Europe it's a thing they do
whether it's a disease or a dumb new way
to say quaza it's a croissant okay
you're from Philly calm down and another
thing another thing that doesn't make
sense is that although Trump banned
travel from Europe he didn't ban flights
from Ireland and the UK and when Trump
was asked about that today he gave one
of the strangest explanations of all
time but then one of the reasons UK
basically has been it's got the border
it's got the first strong borders and
they're they're doing a very good job
they don't have very much infection at
this point and hopefully they'll keep it
that way sorry what the UK is fine
because it's got the border other
countries in Europe also have the border
unless maybe doesn't mean the water is
that it what does Trump think the
coronavirus doesn't know how to swim
because that's racist
and also also I don't even like a comedy
club say it's not true the UK and
Ireland have more Corona cases than many
of the countries on that list that is
banned so let's just be real the reason
the UK and Ireland are exempt is
probably because Trump owns golf courses
there yeah now that's what I think
you know if Iran thought about it they
would just put a Trump golf course in
Tehran yeah they'd have a nuclear deal
tomorrow
Trumble just be like now you're
enriching me and uranium
so so look I'm not gonna sugarcoat it
president Trump's oval office address
last night it was an absolute disaster
but there was silver lining because you
see for some strange reason the cameras
were recording Trump before he gave his
address all right but he didn't realize
it was rolling and so today we got to
see the real Trump when he's not acting
presidential and honestly this was pure
comedy gold
if you want to do this homie Alex please
what's our timing do you like the book
being on the desk or not would you
rather have it not be that maybe it
looks better gives you something up here
right does it matter
oh I got a pen mark anybody have any
white you have any white stuff Oh does
anyone have any white stuff first of all
his name is Mike Pence okay mr.
president but can I just say
I can safely say this is the first time
in my life that I've seen the deleted
scenes of a presidential address like
America's downfall might be scary but
you gotta admit the bloopers are
hilarious yeah and it was it was really
weird hearing a president in the Oval
Office say Oh although I guess now we
know what it sounds like whenever he
gets a call from Eric ah now I'm I'm
gonna go out on a limb and say that
Donald Trump is as freaked out by
coronavirus as regular citizens which is
wild because he's the president and the
reason I say that is because it turns
out the cameras carried on rolling after
Trump ended his speech and and his
reaction was priceless god bless you and
God bless america
thank you
we're clear okay okay yeah
that is not the sound you want to hear
from a president after a serious address
FDR didn't reassure the nation by saying
the only thing we have to fear is fear
itself
okay daddy needs a margarita can I get a
margarita huh I need a drink oh they
still they still here so look this is
all to say that despite the efforts of
sports leagues amusement parks state and
local governments unfortunately the man
at the top just does not seem to have
his shit together and with coronavirus
now in full pandemic mode all I have to
say that that is Oh
[Music]
you